{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f8\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red87\green33\blue1;\red247\green247\blue254;\red202\green51\blue35;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green40\blue50;\red199\green203\blue211;\red188\green31\blue27;
\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c41961\c17647\c0;\cssrgb\c97647\c97647\c99608;\cssrgb\c83899\c28663\c18026;
\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20392\c20784\c25490;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\cssrgb\c79216\c20000\c13725;
\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23800\viewh12360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sudo apt install \cf2 libssl-dev libbz2-dev libreadline-dev libsqlite3-dev\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 sudo apt -y install \cf2 git\cf0  \cf2 cmake\cf0  \cf2 wget\cf0  \cf2 p7zip\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 sudo rpi-update\
\
sudo apt -yV upgrade\
sudo apt -yV dist-upgrade\
\
\
\
echo 'export PYENV_ROOT="$\{HOME\}/.pyenv"' >> ~/.bashrc\
echo 'if [ -d "$\{PYENV_ROOT\}" ]; then' >> ~/.bashrc\
echo '    export PATH=$\{PYENV_ROOT\}/bin:$PATH' >> ~/.bashrc\
echo '    eval "$(pyenv init -)"' >> ~/.bashrc\
echo 'fi' >> ~/.bashrc\
exec $SHELL -l\
Vi\
\
I'm excited about pursuing a career in software engineering because it allows me to combine my passion for technology with my outgoing and collaborative personality. With a nursing background, I've honed my teamwork and communication skills, showcasing my ability to collaborate effectively with diverse teams and connect with people. This unique blend of technical curiosity and interpersonal skills makes software engineering a perfect fit for me.\
 \
doorman\
!@#$1Sastupidphrase\
\
To run the cabinet project the script needs to be run in Python below the 3.10 version.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs38 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 This script is running on RPI Bookworm and Bullseye 64-bit OS, python 3.9
\f2\b0 \cf5 \

\f1\b \cf4 Run pip install -r requirements, then run ./setup.sh to install the supervisor tool for running when RPI boots.\
The command to play sound "mpg123" is not compatible with Python 3.11 which causes a "jack"-related error\
\
Hi Arjun! I'm excited about growing as a software engineer. Your advice on preparation for the software engineer and steps before the job would be awesome for me. Looking forward to hearing from you! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 Dedicated computer science master's student with a background as a registered nurse for five years in Taiwan and Singapore.\'a0Transitioned to software engineering with expertise in Cloud Services, Containerization, CI/CD, and web frameworks. Positioned
\f4\fs24  
\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 to excel in software engineering roles and contribute to innovative projects. Let's connect to explore and my unique background\'a0
\f4\fs24  
\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 and skills can bring value to the team
\f4\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs30 \cf0 \cb7 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs38 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\b0\fs32 \cf8 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 "Hey Erica! Your incredible career journey has really caught my eye. I'm super excited about growing in my career as a [role], and I instantly thought of reaching out to someone as experienced as you. Would you mind sharing some friendly advice or insights on how to dive into this? I'm curious about how you got ready for this role and the steps you took before jumping into this job. Your take on things would mean a lot to me, and I'm really looking forward to hearing from you soon! 
\f7 \uc0\u55357 \u56842 
\f6 "\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs38 \cf9 \cb6 Hi, I'm Sheng Hao
\f8\b0\fs20 \cf10 \

\f1\b\fs38 \cf9 \cb1 \
\cb6 I'm interested in connecting to understand your career path.\'a0
\f8\b0\fs20 \cf10 \

\f1\b\fs38 \cf9 \cb1 \
\cb6 I'm a junior software engineer and excited about learning more about the industry and how I might progress.
\f8\b0\fs20 \cf10 \

\f1\b\fs38 \cf9 \cb1 \
\cb6 Look forward to connecting
\f8\b0\fs20 \cf10 \

\f1\b\fs38 \cf9 \cb1 \
\cb6 SH Liang
\f8\b0\fs20 \cf10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs32 \cf8 \cb7 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Evaluated and solved potential problems with 80 colleagues and collaborated with large teams and departments.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs32 \cf8 \cb7 \
\
https://bitly.com/ for shorten my profloio and \
About in linkekin two like need to modify\
Being Taiwanese speaking Mandarin  and healthcare background \
\
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\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec11 In my professional role, I consistently exhibit a strong ability to adapt, a rapid learning curve, and a passionate commitment to my responsibilities. I maintain an unwavering dedication to delivering excellence and a continuous drive for self-improvement. Additionally, I have a deep appreciation for outdoor activities, including travel, swimming, hiking, beach volleyball, and leisurely beach visits
\fs32 \cf8 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}